to find out what it would take
to get someone to change their
beliefs
we've asked several people of
various backgrounds take part in
a little experiment
hey hi welcome to bring is my
friend thank you
so I'm going to ask you a series
of questions and you'll answer
them
do you prefer sunny days or
cloudy things funny
what is your favorite planet
gotta be Jupiter
what's your favorite color -
blue basic questions
basic beliefs right well let's
change up the game if i give you
200 shekels would you say that
you prefer cloudy days
so what do you think now for 200
shekels about fifty dollars
would you change your preference
for sunny weather that is good
cloud is good right thank you
for a cloudy day yeah
thank you you're looking at
let's see what other beliefs we
can buy if I was to give you 200
shekels would you say that red
is your favorite color
oh come on
so red is now your favorite
question yes
ok for 200 shekels would you say
that Saturn is your favorite
that's my second favorite and so
it would obviously be my first
so yes I would
saturday is your favorite
saturday is my favorite . gotta
love those rings
you gotta love the other ones
yes Superman or Batman Superman
200 shekels would tell me that
you prefer Batman
that is fine famines fine
writing his favorite yeah for
about fifty dollars
most people were willing to
really believe their beliefs not
always for 200 shekels will you
say that you hate necklaces
no perfect for foreigner shekels
know after a hundred shekels
ok ok you hate necklaces I hate
mattresses for a time to check
out if i gave you 200 shekels
are you willing to say that you
don't like purple oh my
what about for a hundred can you
say that you don't like purple
okay so say I don't like purple
I don't like where but yeah well
there you go
clearly some beliefs were more
closely helped but still had
their price
so how far do you think we'll
have to raise our price to buy
the biggest belief of all
how do you feel about God a part
of me
I believe in living God 200
shekels which say that you were
an atheist
no way the way that's a bit
different